So let's create our last page object's class.
So we've just created a page object for the shipping method page.
So I am going to add some dummy data here and click continue, which will take us to the last page,
which is the payment page.
So on.
Here we have two radio buttons.
And we also have a checkbox to agree to the terms of service and a button, which is order with an obligation
to pay.
So I am going to get locaters for these two radio buttons, the check box and the obligation to pay
button.
So I'm going to go back to Eclipse and that's right click the page objects package and select class.
And I'm going to give a name of order form.
Payment and then click finish.
So I have also pre-written the code for this class, which I am going to simply copy and paste.
And as mentioned previously, you can download this or you can practice yourself.
So I'm just going to import these classes.
Which will remove the errors.
And to just quickly go through this class.
So these are four fields.
So pay by check, pay by wire.
Terms and conditions and all the bottom.
Simple constructor, which passes the web driver object and in four public methods that are simply in
the fields which contains the value of the selector.
So this is the page object class is now complete and in the next video we will begin create in our tests.
Thank you for watching.